---
title: "Research Assistant" 
date: 2021-01-15
url: /r2
aliases: /booth/
  
tags: ["Machine Learning", "Zillow", "P2P Credit Lending", "Information Asymmetry"]
author: "University of Chicago Booth School of Business, Chicago, IL"
summary: "Prof. Dacheng Xiu - Econometrics and Statistics" 
showToc: false
disableAnchoredHeadings: true
---
## Description

### Part Time (1 Year)

**Supervised by:** Prof. Dacheng Xiu (Professor of Econometrics and Statistics)

#### Zillow Offers: Financial Intermediation in the Real Estate Market via Machine Learning

+ Used the Zillow Kaggle Competition Dataset to preprocess Real Estate Pricing Error data in Python.
+ Made exploratory and statistical data analysis for reports.
+ Developed supervised machine learning regression models: linear, regularized, and non-parametric to predict pricing error; evaluated and contrasted the models using standard machine learning practices.
+ Detailed systematic factors of data contributing to the space of pricing error for real estate markets like location, tax variables, and house fundamentals.
+ Created Assignments and Lecture Content from material studied in the project, with expositions and explanations of various machine learning theory topics for MBA students (eg. k-fold cross validation).

#### LendingClub: P2P Credit Default using Machine Learning

+ Used the public LendingClub dataset to preprocess Real Estate Pricing Error data in Python.
+ Made exploratory and statistical data analysis for reports.
+ Developed supervised machine learning classification models: linear, regularized, and non-parametric to predict default rate; evaluated and contrasted the models using standard machine learning practices.
+ Detailed systematic factors of data contributing to the space of default rate and probability.
+ Created Assignments and Lecture Content from material studied in the project, with expositions and explanations of various machine learning theory topics for MBA students (eg. classification metrics).

#### Knowledge

+ Research
+ Statistical and Exploratory Data Analysis
+ Machine Learning
+ Linear Regression
+ Logistic Regression
+ LASSO and Ridge Regression
+ Decision Trees
+ Bagging Theory and Random Forests
+ Boosting Theory and XGBoost
+ Model Evaluation

#### Skills

+ Python
+ NumPy
+ Pandas
+ Scikit-Learn
